README.md, before:

# RetroarchPhoenix


##Rebirth of a desktop U.I.

This is a "rebirth" of the RetroArch Phoenix project that was deprecated. 
This is to provide RetroArch with an all-in-one graphical interface that focuses on desktop use. 
RGUI is a great interface for your console and t.v. This project is so far a clone of the 
[OpenEmu](http://openemu.org/) frontend. Please show support for their hard work. 
This project will provide a lot of the functionality that they have provided, and more. 
Furthermore, this project is not affiliated with the official 
[RetroArch](https://github.com/libretro/RetroArch) developers. 
However I did like the Phoenix part.

###Things that still need to be completed.

1. Qml Signals need to be directed to C++ or Python
2. Make search bar filter data models.
3. Have game artwork scrubber work, goes because to 1st point.
4. Make shader button work, 1st point.
5. Make Rating system work, 1st point
6. Work on sold theme. I'm currently working on that.

###Future Goals:
1. Add advanced settings
2. Have RetroArch pass OpenGL video and sound to QML Window.
2. Get some sleep.

Commit message:

Most of the bugs are solved. Interface is still in development, so some buttons do not do anything.

README.md, after:

# RetroarchPhoenix


##Rebirth of a desktop U.I.

This is a "rebirth" of the RetroArch Phoenix project that was deprecated. 
This is to provide RetroArch with an all-in-one graphical interface that focuses on desktop use. 
RGUI is a great interface for your console and t.v. This project is so far a clone of the 
[OpenEmu](http://openemu.org/) frontend. Please show support for their hard work. 
This project will provide a lot of the functionality that they have provided, and more. 
Furthermore, this project is not affiliated with the official 
[RetroArch](https://github.com/libretro/RetroArch) developers. 
However I did like the Phoenix part.

To run this program you need <b>Python 3.3</b> installed and <b>PyQt 5.2</b>, <b>5.1</b> may work though.
Then just run the main.py. I am still ironing out the bugs and I have only tested this latest build on Windows 8.1, I will test it for Linux in a few days

###Things that still need to be completed.

~~1. Qml Signals need to be directed to C++ or Python~~ Solved.

~~2. Make search bar filter data models.~~ Solved.

3. Have game artwork scrubber work, goes because to 1st point.
4. Make shader button work, 1st point.
5. Make Rating system work, 1st point
6. Work on sold theme. I'm currently working on that.

###Future Goals:
1. Add advanced settings
2. Have RetroArch pass OpenGL video and sound to QML Window.
2. Get some sleep.
